My experience at the BlockCHANCE 2018 in Hamburg and the presentation of MDL.Life



What motivated me?

I attended a blockchain event for the first time and knew some projects from the internet. Full of anticipation, finally seeing some of the developers in real, I went to the event because of the new Blockchain Technology 3.0 from Skycoin. The ambitious goal to "combat" the usual Internet service providers aroused my interest to even think of Blockchain and the crypto currencies. Bitcoin was already a household name to me, too, that BTC was now highly centralized by huge mining farms.
A monopoly destroys the market in my opinion. Anyway, I liked the idea of ​​a mesh network worldwide. The premise of My Daily Life to counteract the entertainment industry and eliminate the "greedy" managers, agents and middlemen from the payments between artists and Bookern and then the artists come to their deserved reward and not just the leftovers.

Why MDL.Life?
I work, or I help some artists, first and foremost musicians, to realize the recordings and also that the songs sound accordingly. Many told me that after deductions from agencies, labels and managers, there is little left. Also, some were not happy with how the management deals with them.
The project MDL.Life offers about the crypto currency MDL still a lot of other features such as: an own account on the website on which you can then imagine for free, shows his talents and can also be booked. The blockchain helps to ensure transparency between talent and booker and also by various mechanisms to protect the talent from losses.
MDL.Life has built a very good system that everyone can benefit from.
The website looks great, the so-called wallets of MDL tokens works incredibly fast and is also very "burglar-proof"

The actual presentation at the event.

A certain Thomas Modeneis, one of the main developers of the MDL.Life project, talked.
A young man who said a lot from the bottom of his heart, his view of the ailing entertainment industry was honest and refreshing. In no moment did I feel that MDL just wanted "my money", much more was the desire for more justice.
It explained the wallet, the website, the Android Wallets and the principle of the project.
A talent can create his own artist page and show his best side. Interested parties can see prices and book the talents accordingly. You pay with MDL tokens that can either be saved at the end, or exchanged in Fiat. The tokens generate so-called Coinhours, meaning every hour you hold the coins, you get Coinhours which can then be used for various services in the MDL network. Transactions are e.g. paid for it. To what extent the Coinhours are used on the website I did not understand 100%.

The opportunities for emerging new faces in the entertainment industry are very good on MDL.Life. No Apple, Amazon, Spotify, Napster etc. by the own fees hardly something with the artist leaves. The site can be thought of as a symbiosis of Itunes, Linkedid, YouTube and Facebook for artists.


After the event:

I took the time to talk to Mr. Modeneis and Roman (the other developer) as well as David (Android developer) to see if it's all about money. My questions were answered very nicely and explained various aspects of why a blockchain makes sense for their project.

In any case, I have created an account and bought myself some of the MDL tokens.

The team is very active in Asia and is currently expanding its ties with Africa.

That was my quick look
